 I wouldnt say being gay was cool :L Ummm.... I Would ;)
 stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (: Errmm  Tbh couldnt Give A Flying Fuck What Youu Got To Say  Andd Yess Okay Im Fat  Andd? Get Some Bricks And Build A Bridge And Get Over It ;)... Chickken! Ha!
 why are you so gay Because I Think It Cool
 why are you soo dumb :L Immm Nott  Tbh I Dont Thinkk I Amm  Justt Get Things A Lil Late :)
 why are you soo fat :L Well done for stating the obvious! Now why Are Youu Soo Ugly? :L
 Youu need to answer your questions you gay ;) I Amm  I Amm!
 ]= do you wanna die?
 Am not! Youz a hoe  a baybay. im nawt a hoe! ur a weenie!
 ass face -_- ( Y )
 DID YOU JUST FUCKING SAY MY NAME No  I believe I TYPED the name Billy.
 fuck yo shit homie! i will not fuck any shit  thank you
 fuckin hate your ass. fuckin love your ass.
 Hahaha I remember her but I dont really remember you woodland was gay aww man  guess I wasn't cool enough ]:
 hehehehe(: shuddup fool  i'll beat you up
 Hey  suck it hoe. Why are you so cruel?
 http://www.ihateyounatalie.com/?id=2144858 im not falling for that one again
 I am NOT a baby  you jerk off! hahahah jerkoff xD but yess yesss u are!
 I do too know you like that  motherfucker. k ]:
 I see (: You see nothing  foolish child!
 If you won a million dollars what would you do with it? ur mom
 NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS That's horrible.
 niggers dude...
 not even michaela? michaela isnt shit!
 Stop stealing my man ): Hey  he came on to me.
 The beach is fucking shit  youre my daddy  and soccer is for faggots. Yes. Yes. No ]:
 XoxoAshleyxo and I are okay now though. No more threats so your back up will not be needed. alright playa. Love and hot chix is what makes the world go round.
 You are such a faggot for going to EDC god damn it. Almost as much of a bitch as Thad  but no where near Zach at least. but i love you
 You suck dick. You suck face.
 YOURE RETARDED NEVER MIND. k.
 Youre so gay. Da funk is your problem homie?
 Your picture looks shopped... I told your monitor to punch you in the face like.
 do you like pussy? >_>
 get on your knees? No thanks. {:
 HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (; Daz kyute and all  but..I TAKE A BATH. RIGHT NAO. From the front  from the back  from the  uh  side-to-side  FROM EVERYWHERE! ;D
 Hi my name is Andrew and I want to fuck your brains out you hoe O_O Woah woah. That's nice.
 i want you dead. So.. how's the weather? c:
 Is it true you kissed that ugly Cody kid!?! Which one..
 jerrrk. Iloveyou. ;_;
 On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you? Depends on who you are.
 So would you rather fuck/suck/touch my dick? if its all of the above lets go out Uh  let's not? :3
 What lip did u get pierced O.o?? ;) Dominic. You're. An. Asshole. <3
 will you blow me now? Screwyou.
 wtf  you got 2 b the freakiest bitch. LMAOOOO. Thanks c:
 y is the sky blue? The sky is blue because of your mom.
 caan you go get me some maccas? Go get it yourself lazy bum.
 Do you want me to cave in curly tops head????!?!?!?!?! Bahaha! omg yes please
 how many fucks have you had just about 17267383901837.
 i hate you -_- (you wanted hate!) lol :) hate chuu too fag xD
 Yeah was kidding :) What nash are you? Oh by the way are you sure you wont hurt me? :P lol i'm sure i wont hurt you. i was born in new zealand but lived most my life in australia haha. xD
 Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT? I think there needs to be some age ratings on these questions. Who's with me?
 Sleepin around is for whores. LOL Exactlyyyyyy. So  can you guess what Im not? XD
  i Didnt Get nobody Dayy Got Demm Selff Aint My faultt Day Dnt Like u Eitherr ! Ugly Ass HOE uh huh and hoe u prob did get em. buh w.e byeeeeeeee
  One more thing   dont be callin her a hoe ; bc yu dont kno what yu fucking with .  Watch who yu calling becky   she aint bout all dat . uh huh damn str8 dey dnt evennn noe me.
  your pretty damn uqly yourself sweetheart :) uh huh i noe rite i mean u stuk on niggas dick dat aint want u.;]
  HOE DIS IS KIESHAA FUK WIT IT PUSSY AS HOEE U UGLY AH FUK TU let me be ugly buhh trickk u probably uglerrr. :]
  IF U DNT WANNA BAKK OFF HA DICK DEN HOE U FIN TA HAVE TU GET DHA FADEE ON U STREET HOE. CUSS ITS WATEVAA WEN SOME PUSSY ASSS HOE LYK U GUN TRY DISRESPECT WUN US . I KNO SUMBODY WHO SAID DAY NO U N BITCH WELL FIND YO MUTHA FUKN HOUSE HOE. DNT FUKN TRYUS hoe dnt be anomnous. :]
 **bitch*** lol VVV .
 AJULA NO DONT FUKIN TALK TU HERRR ! VVV ahaa i noe i saw lol lame ass despreate
 And still today you ain do shit....SAD v stfu Rachel yo ass look like a damn piqq...lala your a dissappointment...yo sister  gonna get playd by that dudes nabrente...just saying =)) mmhm and mind uur biusness its funny kuhh she stay tryna talk and be mah friend HUN and get off annonomous pussy ah hoe.
 are u a guy??????????????? idk u tell me any waiis r u that much of a pussy that u have to be anamouss?
 Aye Hoe DF YU TINK U ISS   U BETA TIGHTEN UP  GET ON YA KNEES N SUK DIS DICKr - YU AINT BOUT SHIT HOE BUT SUKIN DICK N GETTIN FUKD  I PAY YA ASS 50C BUT YA ASS TU DIRTY   I RATHER BY A DRINK. YAZIMEH I GO HARD FA PRISCILLA AND HOE U UGLY SHE FINE AS FUK uh huh..well dude who eva the fuk u r i dnt give a fuk bwt any one of uu's.
 Aye Hoe Dont Rap All Up On My Dawg Priscilla Formspring Like That Hoe She And I Will Get Off On Yo Ugly Ah Witcha STANK ASS! ohk awlrite funny how she gottah get ppl (aktin lyke i aint got friends) and bitch i aint scared or eitha of yall who wanna mssg me.
 ayee yu fulkkd wit priscilla n now yo pussy ah tryna start wit trina hoe u fukn up stay off day clits omfg aktually i replied to the thingg she sent me so y dnt u hop owff and get a life.;]
 AYO DNT MESS WITH PRISCILLA CUZ DATS MY CHICK N IF YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH HER YOU GOT ONE WITH ME AND IM NT GNE POST ANONOMOUS CUZ HOE I WILL TEAR U APART WATCH YASELF N DATZ REAL KEEP YA ISH TA YA SELF ND OFF HA PAGE PERIOD POINT BLANK ILL BEAT YA ASS! ;]
 Bet yu wont touch her hoe cus if you do you got it coming her way bitch duh i got it kumin her way dum hoe and take the shit off anonomous oh yeah this mite be amber and shes a fuking PUSSY and dnt wurry u so kall got sum one amaberr/..!!!..buh hoes i gotss plenty.;]
 Bitchhh this ain no trickk jus know tht wood be yo momma ha momma and dare you to step to her agen betchu you wont win TRANNY uh huh okayyy ill make sure ill step up tew her again buhh i aint gun tell u wen mattah of fakt hope u dere ANONOMOUS and hunnny if u not skared y u gottah be anonomous?? shit yall is annoyin.!
 bryans uglyyy!! dum hoe 5/19/10 aha yu guys make a ugly couple! no hes not and its 5/9/10 for yurr info and deff. not
 but like she is so dang sexy like better looking then you and it dont matter because she would of beat you ohk w.e u fuking say.. bitch stop bein annanomous and fukinn hop owff my shit and im sure she kuld wooped buhh w.e u wannah say bye.
 cj is gay NO  CJAYSS MAH BUDDY wtf yur gay!!!
 go sit ya flat-self some wherea n stop tryna to like ya hard n shit. ananomous.;]
 Hey aujala r hey whoree;]
 HOE GT STR88 LIL UGLY AS HOO CUS U FUKN WIDD DA RONG MUTHA FUKNN PERSONNN U BEST BELIEVE U FUK WIT PRISCILLA U FUKN WITT ERRBODDI CUSS HOEE U CANN GET YA FACE FUKD UP REAL FASTT   SO PUSSY HOE I ADVICE U STAY DF OFF HA MUTHA FUKN FORMSPRING  hoe dnt be anomnous. :]
 Hoe Shut The Fuk Up u Jus Formspring talk ! Df ! Yuu Not Bout Nun   . w.e;]
 hoe u look soft df lmao uh huh im sure i duww
 Hoe U Ugly ! Df Dnt Cum Tu My Page Wit That Shit .. Bitch Fuk Rong Wit Yo Life Hoe. haha hoe u the ugly one i guess u think u raw aktually u not u muss have sum life kumin to mah page hoe u aint shixt and um juss noe u messin wit dah rong one.
 hoe u ugly as fuk   i need me sum gud headd wurdd round u givvee dat gudd headd . pussy ahh hoe aint bout dat life. n wdf u said priscilla ugly ? she look 100 times beta den u . u beta sit ya ol ugly ah dwn sumwhea u prob. juss sayin dhat kus she prob gave u tht.^^^ w.e dnt mattah whaa u say.
 HOE uh huh thts me du u have a life?
 how cum u always go tu sydneyy aboutt me ? nd not me ? like u go up tu her nd tell her u dont like me nd w.e . why cant u cume up tu mee? ok aktually ur rong she kame up to me askin if i  got a prob wit her and  i sed noe i got one wit u and she sed tht between me and u really dnt got tyme for ur bullshit bye. ;]
 how does it feel to have a hoe for a sister ? hows does it feel to be a haterr.;]?? huh?? explain tht dum bitch.
 I LIEK 2 EET POOPZ DO U eww wtf/.;]
 i neva asked tew b ur friend betch! stopp formspringin mi pussi ahh hoe bring ur stoopid ass self stoopid ass dramma sumwhere else. KAYKAY. stoopid ugly lukin trick! okk take a look dwn there vv FUKIN SYCO ASS AND UM OH YEAH stop usin trickk kus i sed dat tew u fukin fat ass possom lookin ahh no gettin guys scruumy dirtyy stank aSS KUNT!!
 i think mehan or how ever you spell that fine ass girls name can beat you up because you look mad soft ohk wtf u kan hop off mah shit wit tht bullshit u mad late kus those problems got solve d.f and hoe dnt be ananomous if u gun talk shixt.
 im jacking off to yourpicture i kare y?
 its funny how everyone hates you :DDDDD uh huh not everyone prob the same fake person like u anonomouss;]
 ms.becky !!!!!!!!!!!! u aint pretty u ugly as fuk das y u al day way in cracka town now  fuk rong wit yo soft as tryna start wit priscilla haha nahh my name^^ w.e byee.
 Oh bitch you cant hide cus Im gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe hide frm....who?? wtf i aint hidin from noone sawgrass is were ull find me oh yeah and in royal palm like d.f hoe u dnt skare me.
 okaaaay lemme let youu know somethinnnn ; youuur a fastt ass hoeee who needss to keep her DAMN legss closeddd . youuu act likee yuuur so hardd but bitchhh yourr softerrr thann fuckinn creamm cheeseeee .  byeeeeeeee (: anonomouss;]
 PRISCILLA AINT U HOE   SHE DNT SUK DICKK . DASS ALL YO JOB BECKY ! no nott really d.f u dnt even noe me..let alone shit bwt meh last tyme i checked u was a stranger
 Pussy Ahh HOE STAY OFF DHA FORMSPRING PAGE HATER bye;]
 pussy as hoe u beta get in ! dnt fuk wit my dawq priscilla hoe cus i gets off bout that one bitch . U Think cus u in coral spring we knt find u ? hoe my homeboy no df u stay  he say he gun tel us if ya ass keep smakkkn demm lips.  dis b Trinaa Exitin yup im sure he does cunt all yall hoes kan kume find me. :]
 Pussy Ass Hoe   get Straight Cus u Not Gun Du Shitt. Cus if U Want The Head Up Orr Faddee Its Whatevaaa . i Stay In Sunrisee   But U Can Meet Me In Deepside HOE. uh im sure we gun c each otha buh w.e hoe if u wannah fade me bitch i saty in springs.
 pussy ass hoe . only reason u rappn cus u stay in spring n priscilla is in sunrise  U no Dam Well U aint fin ta bring yo ugly ratchet as ova here. uh huh weell if i stay in springs hoess y dnt u kome here. d.f like i sed h.o.p off mah shit!
 PUSSY ASS anonomous
 PUssy hoe . Dis Is nene bitch fuk wit it nene who eva the fuk u is bitch u get get it.!
 she ot me right by her side bitch! an at least i can show my dam info pussyyy ass V mmhm yup and so will 10000 more and ily rach .u2665
 Shut The Fuk Up NatiiBaby oh hell naw dnt fukin tell her to shut up u fukin dum ahh trick.
 SO U BETTA SIT YA OL UGLY ASS DOWN ! first off i aint ugly and she kan mssg meh ha damn self.
 stupid bitchhh and hop of ashlies formspring bye ;]
 U A HOE.! thnx for spendin the tyme out of yur day to kome see how im duing im fine u??? and explain how AUJALA'S a hoe?? wait see u knt kus im not by hater much love [muahszz) oh yeah kome again.
 U guys need are gay hopp off matts dick :) wtf i dnt even noe a matt dum hoe hop off mah dik.!;]
 U NOT CLASSY HOE U TRASHHY ! YAZIMEH uh huh w.e u say
 u so ugliii ew hoe ghet a lyfe  Bitch yu so soft   YUU  get a fuckinn life  stop worryinn bowt miness yu fuckk hoe (:
 um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her? wtf get a life i dnt even noe herr like wtf ur ANNOYING.!! damn bitch hop off.;] byeeeeeeee
 ur mad ugly. i noe i am.;]<333
 virgin?? of course. :]
 why r u suchho a hoe.? speak englisheee fukin dum ass and im not tell me 1 reason y ima hoa and y r u such a pussy and have tew be ANONOMOUS.
 why you so fuckinq ugly hoe idk ask the boys i took from u.;]
 y dnt u nd cristal be straight ? come on this world gotta be united d.f who is this i dnt wanna be straight wit her fuk off.;]
 y does u talk shit about peyton ? because we wernt friends y does u kare nigga.;] and btw u kan get out my buissness.
 yoo im telling yall dnt mess wit my kuszinn kus she DO NOT PLAY repeat DOOOOO NOTTT.! so w.e tld her to shut up dwn there like really??
 you sware you the shxt . like you can fite anyone and wiinn? wellll you can your a lil stiiick bitch. STOP TRYING TO ACT HARD srry tht ur anonomous and u say shit and oh yeah i dnt try tew akt hard btw its juss i dnt let ppl fuk wit me like u stank hoe u kan hop off mah shit so fuk u and have a nice dayy!;] bye haterr
 Youre Lame As Fuck . k let me be lame dah fuk wurry bwt chorss.!
 your a hoe anonomous
 your LAME ass . oviously iloveyouhh moree. (; ur extra extra lame and inkorrekt its MORE obvious i love alani more!
 yous a bitch nd hoe ! uh huh
 Yur back round is tha ish (:r  WTF . Cant who eva yall arguen about   confrunt her self . Dont be gangin up on my cousin now . Fucks wrong with yo pussyz !  So tha mutha fucking what if she stay in springs   dont hate bc we got $ . I loveee yuu lala <3 haha i noe ritee fuk rong wid em hoes lol i love u to natii and yall VVV betahh not start wit herr
 IDGAF LAME BITCH Lol whyy are you still on my dickk  wtffff do you wantt?!
 (; hehe thats funny I want to fuck your tight ass :O haha maybe i know who you are :D
 are you straight? who are you?
 but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it shut the fuck up! i bet you're a 50 years old perv!
 Dude shes faking herself  no one else in the world would fake her! No im not
 Ever been in a gang? :O no
 ever dyed your hair? if so how many times? never
 ewwwwwwww okay i know im ew
 fake! I'm not fake
 Fake. your fake
 Faveee Timee - Sport ? volleyball
 favorite band hm i don't have one
 favorite color? purple : )
 favorite song? hmm probably Alejandro by lady gaga
 favorite song? I already answered that
 Favve Song ? alejandro by lady gaga
 get naked Ew no
 GIRLS - Do|Have you cheered? GUYS - Do|Have you played football? :] nope
 GIRLS; Have You Ever Faught Over A Guy? What Happened? GUYS; Has A Girl Ever Faugh Over You? What Happened? :] nooo
 GUYS- What do you hate most about girls?  GIRLS- What do you hate most about guys? they can be annoying
 Have you ever been to Georgia<33? :] no but i wanna go their
 Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.< not really
 Have you ever went to someones page  seen them asking theirselves questions  But when you ask them about it  they deny it? Ive seen it -_- yea that is sooo stupid
 hello. hey?
 heres a cookie eat it : D Yay nom nom
 Hey  its your cousin again :] When are you coming to visit us? Im gonna make a formspring :] idk
 Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit ..........
 Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit ///
 hi asslee asshole :D Hi anonymous
 hi youre ashlee and youre not 16 and youre ugly as hell so beware bye ;) if i were you i wouldn't be talking beth (:
 hi Hey
 hi hey (;
 Hmm  What Questionss? Inbox Me Some Ideas ;] sure
 how are you? Great you?
 how is your mom great  yours?
 How Many Siblings Do You Have? 1
 How much do you have sex? what type of question is that sicko
 how often do you go to the salon and get something done to your hair? like twice a month
 How old are you? does it matter
 http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg stalkerrrr
 I dont know you  and Ive never said ur ugly. please dot comment on my looks. learn how to spell (:
 i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute? on what? thanks (:
 I Hate When Formspring Messes Up  Dont You ? -_- sometimes
 i hate when people are mad at for no reason at all...what about you? i dislike that
 I know  theyre amazing!! The singer Jeremy McKinnon is soooooo funny :) He loved giving me high fives. My shirt is so cool too. Its with a fat guy on it. lol. Do you know the band August Burns Red? dude like i said your so lucky! no
 i like yur bg thanks
 I LOVE ADTR! VvV Theyre my fav. I know every song by heart. serious? they are a good band :D
 I really wanna take you downn ;] ( Its a song! ) lmfaoo . lmfao i thought something else
 If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do? idk........
 If Your Going To Be Rude  Give Smart Ass Answers; We Will Unfollow You. :] okay
 im bored same here :
 Is There Anyone You Wish You Never Met? -_- no
 Its your cousin again lol :] why is everyone saying your fake? they are stupid
 its cool how you swear when your only 13 :) i know
 lala lololol
 lyrics for You Should Have Killed Me When You Had The Chance ADTR So I say goodbye to a town that has ears and eyes I can hear you whispering as I walk by Familiar faces smiling back at me and I knew This would make them change  The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends  Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time?  The writings on the wall  you've read that I'll be gone  but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running  for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be  please don't leave me  Iu2019ve read these stories a thousand times  and now Iu2019ll rewrite them all Youu2019re meddling in an anger you canu2019t control She means the world to me  so hold your serpent tongue Is a whores lies worth dying for? I'll just take my time  The only thing that's going to bother me Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends  Why can't you look me in the eyes one last time?  The writings on the wall  you've read that I'll be gone  but if you call my name Just know that I'll come running  for one more night to spare with you This is where I'm meant to be  please don't leave me  I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor  I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor when I'm done  But should I write it all off? But should I write it all off? But should I write it all off? (You should have killed me when you had the chance) But should I... ? (You should have killed me when you had the chance) You should have killed me when you had the chance You should have killed me when you had the chance
 Me pathetic?? your the one who started the shit... so?
 nom nom yum yum
 obese not close to obese
 oh god not you again. same here
 Oh well  I met ABR too. The singer is the shit  hes a beast. lucky pringle pop
 Ok bitch.. wanna get started on me ?.. Ok one faggot is an over used term that people try to use on me to get me to feel bad.. two.your nothing but alowlife bitch who gets the kicks out of starting shit with people dont comestarting shit on my formspring well i want to bitch
 online <3 :p
 pretty gurrrl(: haha thanks (:
 relation to Miley Cyrus? what
 SLUT LEAVE BETTY ALONE CUNT FACE she is the slut
 Sooo you have sex alot? df no
 stay off of my formspring? I dont even know who you are.. why should I
 stop annoying betty btw. youre  a really sad little girl/boy . You think ur all grown up now using big words . stupid child  living a fake life behind a damn keyboard and a screen. how more pathetic can you be ? girl I'm not fake hun
 sure  but you must spamr http://www.formspring.me/ddox3r r http://www.formspring.me/juliex2r or we wont continue spamming your (: okay sure will
 Thats all i can think of right now >.< Gimme ideas  I will ask more stuff :] <33333 sure will
 Ur face is nasty yep
 ur pretty screw every one below me :P thanks : )
 Well dont because its crude. crude?
 What are your plans for the weekend? Im going to Miami :] <3. going to my grandma's
 What Color Are Your Eyes? brown
 What Did You For Lunch? : ] a peanut butter and jelly sandwhich
 What did you think about before bed last night? about sheep
 what do you like best about formspring? when people ask you questions
 what does lol mean? laugh out loud
 What the hell. back to you
 What website do you spend the most time on? Myspace
 Whats the nicest thing someones ever done for you? they made me shit ;0
 Whats the quickest youve fell for someone? like 3 months
 Whats your favv waterpark to go to? :] don't have one
 whats the last thing you do before going to bed brush my teeth
 whats the wierdest color youd ever dye your hair? i have never dyed my hair
 whats ur myspace page?? I don't have one anymore i deleted it
 whats your favorite silly band shape? a dino
 When does school start for you? Mine starts Aug. 19th / september 7th
 When you drop your phone  Do you get scared it broke? I do >.< yea
 Where Were You Born? Did You Also Grow Up There? florida and yea
 who are you? yo momma
 Who pays your phone bill? :] my mum
 who the fuck are you even? a person :)
 why are you stupid WHY ARE YOU STUPID?
 Why do girls call themselves 5 star chicks Butt  they still live at home with their mom? -_- lmfao
 why do you do this to ashlee? I am Ashlee duh
 why do you fake yurself? i don't fake myself
 why do you have so many friggin formsprings? geez those are fakes
 worst place to eat at? mcdonald's
 Would you have sex with a fat guy?!?! No
 Would you kiss the last person you talked to on the phone? ew no
